# Reunity

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; We came up with the idea for this project in our first meeting after doing a video call on Microsoft Teams and introducing ourselves to each other. We had an idea to make an open-source social media website as we had a great time communicating with each other, even though we were not in person. Due to COVID-19, everyone has been separated from friends and family, and we wanted to make Reunity to give people a chance to reunite with their loved ones. Anyone can make an account, and this website will allow users to create and reply to other people’s text posts, as well as meet new users and see their profiles. <br/>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; We then decided that the technologies we will use to create this project include React.js, Redux, and the Bootstrap library for the front-end, Node.js and Express.js for the back-end, and MongoDB for the NoSQL database. We also decided to use the Visual Studio Code as our development environment and Figma as our design prototyping tool. Git and GitHub will be used as our version control platform as well. If we have time in the end, we will add a feature to allow picture uploads using Google Cloud and Firebase. <br/>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; To create the non-copyrighted logo, we used freelogodesign.org. We will go through multiple phases to develop the project that we envisioned. First, we decided we will first draw out and plan the front-end user interface on pen and paper to get an idea of how it will look. This will involve a lot of thinking about the routes, what MongoDB collections we should have, creating all the forms to get the user’s information, getting data from our Node.js API back-end to populate the page, etc. After this, we will create a prototype for our design on a computer using Figma. We will do this over our weekly Microsoft Teams meetings. <br/>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; After that, we will focus on creating the back-end first and make sure all our API services are working. Then, we will work on developing the React.js front-end, utilizing the already tested back-end and integrating them with each other. We expect creating the front-end to take up the most time in this project, as there is a lot of work involved to connect it to the back-end and make sure the design matches up with our wireframe design on Figma. If we run into any issues along the way, we will contact our mentor and other GAs/TAs as well as the professor for help.
